I'm going to leave with the ball already there.
I'm tv
that I am not of those with the common
It's for those who have skill.
he showed
from behind
deflected goalkeeper killed goalkeeper
on the ball cross the crossing that came from the left
a 'bomb' and the fire arrived
in the backlash more than half a century of boxing matches the diego makes the crossing
and there you will want
the marcelo for the ipiranga at the 30 first messi time
we could wait a little longer
What is the error of the defender adama ronaldo?
the last barrier
the expert max snow
at 34 of the first half
all spinning is a scorer Adam
I worked hard
won the defender and went up the goalkeeper
making his 13th goal in the competition is worth as was the thief with ipiranga
with the scorer scorer
on the right the ball ora duckling
after football I like to see
already naldo maicon sapucaia
the works on the waterfront
Edward
cleared a crime or what is going to happen now
both marking and went back to January last year
other side
the diego
from front to goal
until I was in doubt if he was not advanced
but it is the third goal of the team of ypiranga that makes 3 to 1ª round
who will again make a good performance of the referee
that is becoming more and more affirmed of gaucho football
its crossing to the head
the source said
see how well the right crossing eliana tranchesi famous
called first beam and on the first stick
to make the fourth goal of ypiranga
four for ypiranga
with 1 for the avaí